base_readme.md, before:

# gh-actions


# Integrations

### Shared Fields

All actions have a set of shared fields

| Field     | Required | Default    | Description                                                                                         |
|-----------| -------- | ---------- |-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| namespace | yes      |  | The Grai namespace for the connection                                                               |
| api-key | yes      |  | Your Gri API key.                                                                                   |
| workspace | no       |  | Your Grai workspace name                                                                            |
| client-host | no       | api.grai.io | Hostname for the api of your Grai instance.                                                         |
| client-port | no       |  | Port for the api of your Grai Instance.                                                             |
| grai-frontend-host | no       | https://app.grai.io | The URL for your frontend instance of Grai. This might include a port depending on your configuration |

Commit message:

auto-docs (#21)
* auto-docs

* -r

* Apply automatic changes

* more docs

* Apply automatic changes

* empty value for nulls

* Apply automatic changes

---------

Co-authored-by: ieaves <ieaves@users.noreply.github.com>

base_readme.md, after:

# grai-actions


# Integrations

### Shared Fields

All actions have a set of shared fields

| Field              | Required | Default             | Description                                                                                           |
|--------------------|----------|---------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| namespace          | yes      |                     | The Grai namespace for the connection                                                                 |
| api-key            | yes      |                     | Your Gri API key.                                                                                     |
| workspace          | no       |                     | Your Grai workspace name                                                                              |
| client-host        | no       | api.grai.io         | Hostname for the api of your Grai instance.                                                           |
| client-port        | no       |                     | Port for the api of your Grai Instance.                                                               |
| grai-frontend-host | no       | https://app.grai.io | The URL for your frontend instance of Grai. This might include a port depending on your configuration |
| action             | no       | tests               | Which action to perform. Can be `tests` or `update`                                                   |
| github-token       | no       | ${{ github.token }} | The GITHUB_TOKEN secret for your repository                                                           |
