mssql/README.md, before:

# Microsoft SQL Server

The SQL Server action depends on the python pyodbc library. 
You can find complete documentation about the library [here](https://github.com/mkleehammer/pyodbc/wiki).

There are a variety of ways to configure a pyodbc connection depending on your security implementation.
A standard connection would consist of a host, port, database name, user, and password.

### Fields

| Field     | Value                                               | Example              |
| --------- | --------------------------------------------------- | -------------------- |
| db-host      | Database host                                    | www.your-domain.com  |
| db-port      | Database port                                    | 1433                 |
| db-database-name  | Database name                               | jaffle_shop          |
| db-user      | Database user                                    | grai                 |
| db-password  | Database password                                | grai                 |
| encrypt   | A boolean value indicating whether to use an encrypted connection to mssql | True    |
| trusted_connection  | Boolean, sets `Trusted_Connection=yes` in pyodbc      | False     |
| protocol | Optional, One of "tcp", "Icp", or "NP". Defaults to "tcp"        | tcp       |
| server_connection_string  | Server connection string for pyodbc, Sets `Server={VALUE}` | grai      |
| trust_server_certificate | Boolean, sets the `TrustServerCertificate` value in pyodbc  | grai      |

Commit message:

auto-docs (#21)
* auto-docs

* -r

* Apply automatic changes

* more docs

* Apply automatic changes

* empty value for nulls

* Apply automatic changes

---------

Co-authored-by: ieaves <ieaves@users.noreply.github.com>

mssql/README.md, after:

# Microsoft SQL Server

The SQL Server action depends on the python pyodbc library. 
You can find complete documentation about the library [here](https://github.com/mkleehammer/pyodbc/wiki).

There are a variety of ways to configure a pyodbc connection depending on your security implementation.
A standard connection would consist of a host, port, database name, user, and password.

### Fields

<!-- Fields Sentinel Section -->
| Field | Required | Default | Description |
|-----|-----|-----|-----|
| db-host | no |  | The MSSQL database host |
| db-port | no | 1433 | The MSSQL database port. |
| db-database-name | no |  | The database name |
| db-user | no | sa | The database user |
| db-password | no |  | The database password |
| encrypt | no |  | True/False Indicates whether to use an encrypted connection to mssql |
| trusted_connection | no |  | True/False whether the SQL Server connection is trusted. Sets `Trusted_Connection=yes` in pyodbc. |
| protocol | no | tcp | Connection protocol for the database. One of 'tcp', 'Icp', or 'NP' |
| server_connection_string | no |  | An optional ODBC server connection string to use when connecting to the server. These are usually constructed as '{protocol}:{host},{port}'. This |
| trust_server_certificate | no | true | Sets the ODBC connection string `TrustServerCertificate` |
<!-- Fields Sentinel Section -->
